gcp automatic default credentials (#394)
abonas/kubeclient: README.md

)
```

#### Google's Application Default Credentials

On Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine, or Google Cloud Functions, as well as `gcloud`-configured systems

> with [application default credentials](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application-default-credentials),

Reviewer: Can we claim all these 4 scenarios (GCE, AppEngine, Functions, gcloud) should work out of the box?
I wasn't sure so wrote "if ... kubeconfig file has `user: {auth-provider: {name: gcp}}`" to be safe...

Reviewer 2: All those systems are documented by Google to include application default credentials. See https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#obtaining_credentials_on_compute_engine_kubernetes_engine_app_engine_flexible_environment_and_cloud_functions and https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#obtaining_credentials_on_app_engine_standard_environment

Reviewer 2: FYI, I think the link above should be updated to this: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#providing_credentials_to_your_application

kubeclient can use `googleauth` gem to authorize.

This requires the [`googleauth` gem](https://github.com/google/google-auth-library-ruby) that is _not_ included in
`kubeclient` dependencies so you should add it to your bundle.

If you use `Config.context(...).auth_options` and the kubeconfig file has `user: {auth-provider: {name: gcp}}`, kubeclient will automatically try this (raising LoadError if you don't have `googleauth`).

Or you can obtain a token manually:

```ruby
require 'googleauth'

auth_options = {
  bearer_token: Kubeclient::GoogleApplicationDefaultCredentials.token
}
client = Kubeclient::Client.new(
  'https://localhost:8443/api/', 'v1', auth_options: auth_options
)
```

> Note that this returns token good for one hour. If your code runs for longer than that, you should plan to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this returns a token good for one hour. If your code requires authorization for longer than that, you should plan to
```

> acquire a new one.

Reviewer: Q: how do you acquire a new one, in the automagic Config `gcp` scenario?
Calling `.context` again will do this, right?

Reviewer 2: Call `Kubeclient::GoogleApplicationDefaultCredentials.token` again.

I think we've discussed before that `kubeclient` doesn't have any support for renewing tokens. Is that something that's now covered with `exec` functionality?

Author: Calling `.context` will generate a new token, since it will end up calling `Kubeclient::GoogleApplicationDefaultCredentials.token`, as Jeremy points out. I think the farthest we should go in that direction is to capture the error, if possible, and let the caller handle it.
